Docs: Add docs for mounting inside the play function (#28444)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/api/doc-blocks/doc-block-story.mdx

However, if you know your play function is “safe” to run in docs, you can use this prop to run it automatically.

<Callout variant="info">

>   When the play functions uses `mount`, the story won't be rendered in docs. You must set autoplay to true for such stories if you want to use them in docs.

Reviewer: Can you add a hyperlink in `autoplay` which points to the section of that prop? So people know what to do

Author: This is the section of `autoplay` :)

>   When the play functions uses `mount`, the story won't be rendered in docs. You must set autoplay to true for such stories if you want to use them in docs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  When a story's play function uses `mount`, the story won't be rendered in docs. You must set autoplay to true for such stories if you want to use them in docs.
```

Reviewer 2: Also you should link to the `autoplay` docs here

Reviewer 3: This is under the `autoplay` API reference heading.
